OVERVIEW

sync mirrors local files to My Photos. Other commands map closely to TV
requests and work by content id. sync
records its uploads in <tv.json> to avoid re-uploading them; plumbing commands
do not read or change those records.

SYNC

sync normally makes My Photos match its inputs exactly. It keeps one extra
photo when deleting the current selection could disrupt Art Mode or a
configured slideshow; a later run removes it after the selection changes.
Use -exact to delete it immediately.

Inputs may be image files or directories (non-recursive). For sync,
send-image, and delete-image-list, "-" expands to non-empty lines from stdin:

	find ~/Pictures/frame | framectl ~/tv.json sync -

FIRMWARE BEHAVIOR AFFECTING SYNC

The TV firmware has several behaviors that shape sync's safeguards:

- Deleting the selected image ends slideshow mode, as does temporarily emptying
  My Photos.
- Content-list replies may repeat a content id under multiple categories.

For these reasons sync uploads before deleting, deduplicates content ids, and
never leaves My Photos temporarily empty. Without -exact, it keeps the selected
photo rather than disrupting Art Mode or a slideshow.

IMAGES

Uploads are fitted without cropping to a 3840x2160 canvas. Non-16:9 images get
letter- or pillar-box fills derived from their edges. Use a 16:9 image to
control the whole frame.

DISCOVERY AND PAIRING

discover prints `ip<TAB>name<TAB>mac` for each device. pair requires either
-host or -name; names are discovered with SSDP and matched case-insensitively.

On first use, accept the TV's pairing prompt. <tv.json> stores the token,
target, and MAC. Stored names are resolved on each connection, so address
changes are safe; stored hosts are used verbatim. Later commands reuse the
token without another prompt.

	framectl ~/tv.json pair -name "The Frame 50"

WAKING

Commands retry sleeping TVs with Wake-on-LAN when pairing recorded a MAC and
the TV has Wake-on-LAN / "Power On with Mobile" enabled. sync wakes the TV only
for locally detected work or -force; no-change and -dry-run syncs try once.
Thus TV-side changes are reconciled only when a run finds the TV on. -no-wake
makes every command try once and fail fast.

PLUMBING

get-current-artwork prints the selected content id, so it can pipe into
select-image or delete-image-list. select-image displays it; -show=false only
sets the selection. set-artmode-status changes Art Mode.

set-slideshow-status accepts off, 3, 15, 60, 720, or 1440 minutes.
get-content-list prints tab-separated rows; -category filters client-side.

send-image uploads are unmanaged and a later sync deletes them. Deleting a
managed photo directly leaves a record that sync repairs by re-uploading it.

GLOBAL FLAGS

-timeout, -debug, and -no-wake precede <tv.json>:

	framectl -debug -timeout 30s ~/tv.json sync ~/Pictures/frame

-debug dumps wire messages. Command flags must follow the command but precede
its positional arguments. discover takes no data file or globals; its own
-timeout controls scan duration. The command-first names discover, help, and
prepare are reserved and cannot be used as the data-file argument.

-timeout bounds connection setup, including wake retries, but not the
operation. Ctrl-C cancels any command. Without -timeout, discover runs until
Ctrl-C.
